PAY-5710: First iteration of the Payment Services drop-in documentation (#162)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/containers.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: How do you get to this page? If there is no path to get to this page, let's remove it.

Author: I'm guessing is because of the navigation you need this page, @keharper do you know?

Reviewer 2: Delete this file.

title: Payment Services containers
description: Learn about the containers in the Payment Services drop-in component.
---

import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';
import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';

> The Payment Services drop-in component consists of currently one container: `CreditCard`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Payment Services drop-in component uses one container: `CreditCard`.
```
